this is old
stuff dressed in black marachi on the
spot with the hat
333 walking over the bodies they took
too much High purple I got the Boogie
I'm out of
here growing weed in the graveyard
purple and green The Chariot Twin Dragon
drawing just burnning Nike it's hard
fire hold me tight every day and every
night with a black Briefcase full of
venomous things the Muse of Oria leaving
bodies in the street Antonia's will she
harvests your dreams Shar doctors War of
the words War of the Worlds maple syrup
cup of sugar flowing over with the
frankincense and M from the house up on
the
hill Medusa cut them R call the
boie no one can do it like I came call
me the
boie thank you and welcome back to Lady
Babylon this is initiating apocalypse
on a Monday night on a Monday night I
thank you for being here I'm going to
limit myself to just an hour because I
want you to have just the goodies
tonight and I don't want to take up too
much of your time now Wednesday we'll be
having Teddy Bass welcome Teddy we'll be
having Teddy Bass for a little bit of an
interview along
with everybody knows old boy old boy
we're going to be having Teddy Bass and
old boy on I want Teddy to talk about
his music Wednesday and I
want old boy to show you what can be
done if you're
disciplined disciplined enough to make
it
through basic
training he's now reading text right
fantastic he's helping to teach he's
doing the teaching assistant thing and
you can meet him you could meet Al Boy
on Saturday right Saturday during the um
during the what do you call it
Discord
fantastic yeah right right put that out
there so for people who are going to
that I'm going to have old booy come on
and talk a little bit about his research
he's made some out standing
videos I recommend you go see them he's
talking about the
pans palasan this is good stuff people
this is good stuff these are the last
people we ever know about who have that
monster who have mother
Greek and Seed within them oh God their
marks are all over Greek these are
gorgeous sexy people
pans bring back these gorgeous sexy
palasan oh God Tower Babel here we go
fantastic what am I gonna do tonight
tonight I'm going to bring you something
now I want to give me that first
location chewy right everybody get off
get off the ship and I want you to look
what I brought you tonight is some great
music isn't that gorgeous just somebody
dropped that a long time ago you know
what I mean threw it in some garbage
heap and there it is it happens to be
lines of Ides but with the musical
notation written above and supposedly
things for instruments as well and why
do I bring this to you because I am
bringing on our date okay are you ready
for this I am bringing the god
the god of the
guitar I am bringing tonight the god of
the guitar and
she is gonna rock your
world fantastic we're going back to the
beginnings where am I taking you tonight
my precious my precious Congregation of
Satan tonight we're going to see the
first
rockers we're going to go see it from
the very birth I'm going to watch you
watch me watch us
watch
guitar
born guitar did you know guitar was a
Greek word okay wait a minute I've been
telling you that this amazing
language amazing language with these
millions of independent unique word
forms oh God God I've been telling you
for months it's
musical right not only is is it musical
it is giving
birth it is giving birth to the guitar
goddess oh god oh you're gonna see it
you're gonna see it tonight love it and
what I'm gonna bring you is a little
attic old
comedy attic old comedy so we're talking
Aristophanes and all the people
associated with that fifth century
comedy fantastic oh God the language is
at its height baby it's at its height
and what are we gonna do what are we
gonna do we're g to go into the music
because that's what we've come for first
because everybody here loves the cult
everybody here loves the cult and you
didn't think I was going to leave Paul
the Apostle alone no got him tied up
right here he's gagged too he's gagged
too no I'm not taking that thing out you
leave it in if you squirt that thing out
one more time I'm gonna Ram it up there
so
far it won't come out
ever everybody Paul the Apostle we're
bringing him in we're rounding him up
I'm going to show you the right I'm
gonna show you the right yay for the
comedy let's hope it's funny let's hope
it's funny my God man I've read some of
those ancient
comedies they aren't very funny not
through a Victorian lens they're not
right not through Victorian lens but
through that old mother Greek lens oh
they are dirty they are dirty right
there and dirty oh God Aristophanes who
are we spanking Paul Paul tonight I want
you to R give us our climax tonight Paul
I got an hour and it's only 9 minutes
into this give us her climax tonight you
little dirty
freak p p didy
p p didy
p god let's do it let's do it when you
can bring
it it doesn't
matter give it to me let's go in people
how am I going to set us up shut up and
listen into the cult satanic
congregation you too will get a
spanking let's go to the black Bible
open to the black Bible now we looked at
a section of this in Greek but I want to
remind
you this is the house of the
Virgin like her son she was destined to
become a second gate of God that's the
portal you and I were all talking about
before an ark hath appeared holier than
that of old not containing a t tables
written by God's hand right those theog
right but having received within it God
himself do you understand do you
understand God himself oh who is that is
that God turn that turn God off hey
Jehovah
yeah send him a dirty text tell him
leave me alone okay I don't want what
you're selling
Yahoo take back the cups the hats an ark
has appeared holier than that of old
right what is that here are Fountains of
purification from the flesh do you want
a flesh do you want a flesh Fountain to
purify yourself with here's the
Redemption of Errors of the Soul there
is no evil circumstance but from
her GTH a miraculous gift to cure it oh
from her gush is she
gushing I love the Bible I love it so
much oh God I love the Bible where can
you get such dirty dirty dirty holy
stuff you know what I mean just I don't
know I know somebody out there's like I
know there right no don't you're gonna
say it I know you're gonna say it
Sanskrit you want to say it I know you
do just go for it give me the next one
oh was that it yeah that's it oh well
let's finish she's gushing we left her
gushing well that's a nice place to
leave off but can't stop there here when
she overthrew the foe she destroyed them
by water not by the spear do you
understand it's that Water of Life
that's coming from her you thought that
was some stupid alchemical BS because
your brain has been molested by the
Middle
Ages your brain they call it cerebral
molestation right brain banan
right what happened to that guy yeah he
got brain bananana right it's the black
Bible baby get used to it we got to wake
up to the reality she is gushing do you
understand she is gushing and you have
the Water of Life and everybody who is
sitting on Satan's Throne right now
completely
understands they're in that same ionic
space are you ready are you ready give
me the next one they're going to love it
they're going to love it I wanted you to
see this look people this is STO blow
this thing up this is STO right um You
you wanted the rock and roll Queen right
also resembling these rights the sacred
rights of rehea and dionisis are the
cotidian and the
bendan rights practiced among the
Thracians right among whom the orphic
Gres had their beginning people what
have we been talking about this whole
time we've been talking about these
orphic Gres that brought you to the
thian
worship right of
cotus oh who is she are you ready are
you ready for her do you know what she
does do you know what she
does she's the mistress she's the
Mistress of the guitar she's the
Mistress of the guitar you say guitar
they they have guitars this was before
the age of
lightning this was before the
electric this is when the earth
reverberated Through the
Wood and some Spaniard in the Middle
Ages some Spaniard poet picked up this
great Kara and said oh this is my
guara and you and I came to know it as
the
guitar as the guitar and that
instrument that instrument had a
place it had a place
embedded embedded in the Greek
language your music itself your
instrument comes
from mother
GRE it was language that gave us the
capacity to build these instruments in
the first
place oh
God oh God what do you mean these
instruments do you mean just the that Ki
no I'm talking about talking about the
artist composer the Creator that's what
I'm talking about oh God give it to me
what's let me finish this okay are you
ready everybody welcome welcome Briant
cootes now the cotus who is worshiped
among the ionians which is a thian tribe
and also the instruments used in her
rights are mentioned by ascus W shout
out for ascus right big like you say
that name he's like biggest biggest of
his time right oh adorable cotus among
the adonan and you hold Mountain ranging
instruments and he mentions immediately
afterwards the attendant of dionis one
holding in his hand the bombas sees
that's that's the little flute right
toil some work for the Turner a chisel
um it's a deeper sounding flute right
fills full the fingered Melody the call
that brings on
frenzy do you know what we're doing
we're brain frenzy we're good
bockets we're good sparket I just want
you to see this um what else do we have
we have some bronze bound CTI symbols
right some stringed instruments right
raise their sh'll cry and this is so
beautiful and frightful mimickers from
some place
unseen Bellow like bows do you know what
the artist can from the
strings they can bring the bellowing
they can bring the bellowing bow that
will drive you
nuts oh only through
her only through
her did you know are you surprised are
you surprised the greatest the greatest
of all time greatest guitarist of all
time was a
woman yeah with a Divine a Divine
Play Oh God are you ready for we have
fat giant festivals right we have giant
festivals now I know for those of you
are like wait a minute is this a God
yes these are the Bic rights of thce and
friia and they
worship a woman who plays the guitar and
when she plays the guitar it drop drives
us
nuts oh all right let's all go vote oh
God do you see what we do we
purge we
purge this is a function of a society
that worships the Virgin this is a
function of the society that
creates stage and the orchestra who do
you think came up with the word orch ra
what do you think that was for
right it is our language not our Tech
that is our savior so for all of you
idiots who are looking in your Banks and
your
wallets all of you
counters those things they don't matter
they don't matter oh God it's the mark
of the con contract with the devil can I
just say it one more time now people are
asking me hell Satan they do people are
asking me H Satan how Satan it's
bothersome it's cumbersome why are you
doing that because the fact that this is
a satanic contract has to be clear to
you from the beginning I'm telling you
that on a Monday
night before an election I'm telling you
that it must be clear and part of the
satanic cont contract
is it can't be done for
gain it can't be done for gain that is a
monest pole do you realize what am I
saying a
monest right pole as in North and South
right monism is all about
gain
gain what do you gain I'm going to gain
salvation I'm going to gain this I'm
going to gain a new Cadillac cuz Jesus
wants me to have one I'm going to gain a
cure to
cancer I'm going to gain this I'm going
to gain that I'm going to gain eternal
life which is a
mistranslation you don't even understand
what you're saying but you know that
it's some kind of
gain that is not pure it is not
gain that drives the
universe it is eror
it is
[Music]
AOS and AOS is in the fingers of that
guitarist yeah that guitarist opens a
portal opens a portal oh God it's
gorgeous can you believe those bunch of
nerdy
Greek women and men standing around math
turning everything hang into math and
talk and physics in ways that you and I
can go to I can give you the writings
I'll give you the metaps metaphysics of
Ariston just start with that and if you
could understand half of it would you
please explain to me what's going on
because I can't get quite that
much
please I'm telling you people the
gorgeousness the the oh it's
gorgios ah it's resplendant oh hit me
with the next hit me with the next
Source this is too much it's going to
get erotic this is erotic Antiquity are
you ready for this oh my God blow this
up what is this this is Lucian we're all
going to be talking we're all going to
be talking about a poet and what did
this poet write about he wrote about the
Baptists wait a minute when did this
poet write first of all what's his
fraking name his name is you
polus isn't that nice and where um
where's he living right what's he doing
he's writing in the fifth century he's
writing comedies Athenian comedies and
they're good people love them you know
what I mean if you don't like him
because you don't have a good sense of
humor you dirty stinky Spartan right
okay here we go what did he say here
this is Lucian to the uneducated man oh
don't you like that look it's addressed
to us it's a dress us isn't you it's
everybody here in the world today here
we go R did you get a gander at the
Baptist the the whole drama did you read
it right oh God did any of this stuff
stick with you I mean did you turn red
when you recognize what's going on in
the
play do you see what's going going on
this is a play about Baptists what's
wrong with
Baptists what's wrong with John do you
know what John look like he looked like
a soft smooth pale
unic would you be surprised if I told
you John the Baptist walked around with
what they called weum prum which is a
penis shaped glass
ask for
insertion yeah wow yeah he did very
effeminate why you want to see these
effeminate because we're
worshiping
kotto oh my God what did you call her I
don't know it's thran and frian right
these people have these rights and
they're worshiping the great mother
where do you think all the banss came
from they came from the worship with the
great mother we know that for a fact in
modern day Turkey modern day turkey in
the middle than in the
middle
friia yeah there she is right
Fria right think about the goddess here
that we're going to be talking about
remember we're worshiping the great
mother so there's got to be respect for
the Virgin right off the bat right right
off the bat right we can agree that you
wouldn't be sitting here you wouldn't be
sitting here if you didn't you wouldn't
be sitting here don't be surprised if
you find out the Virgin is the guitarist
don't be surprised if you
do give it to me let's go come on they
need some concrete text what does this
one say this is juvenile um here's you
know juvenile he's a sist you know kind
of a he's got kind of a Sharp wit right
and he says these Baptists this is Latin
by the way I know I don't do enough
Latin for you guys but for those of you
who have just a slight slight Amorous
traction to classical Latin here's some
juvenile for you to rub all over
yourself you know what I mean um the
Baptists what do they do they cultivate
these secret rights these
orgies and they do it with the very
specific
torch right and they are accustomed
to wear
out kopian
coo wait what can you see they're
accustomed to wear out now what does lar
mean this is the state that you have
okay wait this is the state that you
have after you have been to the
Mountaintop that Cannon is Boom it's
gone off you know what I mean the rocket
all the way it's gone right up it went
right flag is there a flag raise the
flag it's time to raise the flag
immediately after the flag
raising you have
lassitude right you have this thing you
have this thing it's I don't know a
state of
satisfaction yet
weariness from rigorous physical
activity now if you don't know about
this stay
because perhaps the activity is not so
rigorous um maybe it was at one point
not So Much Anymore um maybe there's
something up here you know it's Mommy
you know I don't know I'm just throwing
out examples all sorts of things that
can be out there to block so if you
don't know
this psychological state of you know
relief and release
then you got no place in these rights
because
these
boys dressed like
girls follow
around she who is God of
guitar and do you know what they do they
apply themselves to her they apply
themselves they wear her out
okay all right now the image the image
remember we celebrate this we have
seasons and festivals for such things
for such things fantastic let's bring
back Juvenile What's he say the who's
they're celebrating these rights and
what else they wear her out these
Baptists and why are the Baptists doing
this in these orgies because Baptist
like John the
Baptist are
focused right they're Solly they're
accustomed to the orgies that
involve
satisfaction for the
mother yeah satisfaction do you
understand me these are Bic rights
Baptists are
banss right and how do they get that
let's keep going people it's not a
mystery let's look at the Baptist right
tonight tonight if you're going to look
at the queen of rock you have to look at
the Baptists right because they are the
ones who cultivate her right and so he
says look this guy eupolis he wrote this
work called a bapti right it's a comedy
in which he brings out Athenian men in
Imitation of women
wearing out the suum when I say wearing
out I hope that you understand what I
mean wearing
out who are they wearing out the
pum now does everybody see the PS that's
not a Latin word L the Romans hot
dwelling people they didn't get it this
is a Greek
tongue right what is that P you know
what the PSAL is you're going to love
this if you're a musician and I know you
don't know this I know you don't know
this I'm giving it to you I'm not
selling it to you I'm not putting it on
a Fring mug do you understand musicians
out there I'm telling you it's from the
greatek
verbo right and that word means to pluck
the string it is the string
Pluckers they have a position that is
specifically she who plucks those
strings do you know who invented the
Psalms do you know who invented those
those are Greek
conventions with Greek instruments that
we have depictions of and images of
bring them up bring them up chewy
where's the guitar you show me some of
the CL some show me some of the ancient
guitar oh here's one look at that oh
isn't that nice what are they composed
of this kith
is is a wooden sounding board right and
instead of having one bridge going up
with strings on you've got two arms and
you
suspend
strings right from this crossbar down to
the sounding box and Wham you've got the
guitar and it's a quite a popular deal
and those who Master it or revered and
venerated one of them that you don't
think of a master of the ancient kear or
gar or guitar don't you love that sexy
Spaniard dude who's in the middle of all
this you know what I mean it goes from
Kara in the ancient Greek right to Gara
in the Spanish by some some you know he
was some romantic Spanish poet you know
how they are yeah we know you we know
you Spanish Romantic Poets you people
oh God thanks for the for the Spanish
for the Romantic Spaniard poets love it
oh God it boom what makes me want to
dance give me the next one um yeah
here's the specifically the female right
um
rockar right it's her it's the rockar
give me the next who you know what are
we going to talk about the Baptist let
me just translate this to you I'm sorry
because I know what's coming um the
Baptist are soft and
effeminate right they're soft and
womanish right right and you
know eupolis and Aristophanes both of
them they wrote comedies on the subject
in which they introduced Athenian men
who were imitating women
cultivating
cotito right and who is she she is
theum De
she is the guitar God she is the one who
plucks those strings do you understand
there was a word before that described
her
kopian do you know what that is that's
the Divine line of
kings that were
responsible for
Athens and ultimately democracy through
the worship of the
Virgin right
okay do you understand from these
people
come the guitar and the music that
drives the
universe oh chewy Give me the give me
the next one we don't have yeah we're 30
we gota yep we got to be halfway done
watch this people um what happens oh God
wait go back to the go back to the last
one J let's make sure we didn't miss
anything there I don't want
um yeah and so the Baptists I just want
you to focus on the fact on the fact
that they were um emti
right femti right if you don't
understand that about John the Baptist a
lot of it's not going to make sense
right you mean he's just some
middle-aged guy out there do he have
some football to watch or something you
know what I mean nope sorry
um John the
Baptist is described man he's one of
these people right you thought why does
he have that culty kind of diet and
stuff what's it have to do with Jesus
and Jesus's boys what's that and why is
he so pissing off that little dancing
girl yeah yeah everybody knows her name
salame you've been to her act right
right oh I'm sorry if you didn't
right do you see see let's promote it
you trafficking you trafficking
person somebody bring in the in inter
Galactic investigators give me the next
one please um look people more Latin and
this is just you know you you polus he
wrote this comedy right this Baptist
about the Baptist this what are these
These are fragments people you I pull
these right out of the classical lobe
classical Library and this is in the
fragments of old comedy it's called and
what are fragments well it's other
people writing about this person and
maybe quoting them or maybe talking
about their life right because we don't
have the original if the original
doesn't survive right so um what's it
say look oh youup polus wrote this
comedy and it was for this reason that
ales right who he was just particularly
you know oh God he
just look what happened you polish made
fun of alabes who's a
general he made fun of him right now why
is this so important is there sources
are going to show you it's because
freedom of speech was associated with
comedy it was a holy it was a holy
practice comedy was a holy practice and
I'm going to show you what the word
comedy comes from you're going to be
surprised but it was holy practice and
it was protected it was protected you
could say whatever you wanted on the
stage until this jerk alabes
killed
eupolis yeah he did he did he threw him
off a ship right now some people say oh
that's not actually how he died there's
other ways that he died some people say
no he was tortured but he didn't he
didn't kill him right um but a lot of
Greeks said um now he back at him yeah
yeah just as yeah just as you drenched
me hey that's a that's the quote that's
coming up
Umberto don't scoop me look Umberto is
scooping me he knows these sources right
good job and Barto bunch of nerds I knew
you guys were nerds I love it it really
turns me on man I love it give it to me
give me the next one hurry chewy we got
to get out of this star system in a
short period of time right look at this
um others say um that people could do
make fun of other people in name
specifically right until
eolus right because
alabes took this right away he was a
general and a and a Statesman right a
rhetorician right okay do you see what
happens tyrants don't like to be made
fun of they don't like to be told it's
your time to
leave there's the door they don't listen
to that they don't listen to that at all
what do they do they focus on their
enemies who have big mouths and they
kill those people that's what Tyrant do
that's what tyrants do and um
remember the comedians that are writing
know know that they are holding the
Vanguard they are the Vanguard of free
speech Free Speech fantastic everybody
knows it's there isn't ancient Greek
society listen satanic congregation say
something give me a shout out some kind
of ol Ludo hail Satan for for uh ancient
Greek and its gorgeousness and gorgos
let's go the next one throw some of
those up when if you get a chance to see
is that shirt comedy
is that shirt comedy Greek tragedy now
listen I know there's been lots of talk
about the shirt I know I know some
people are saying right shirts got to go
other people are saying love the shirt
touch that shirt and I'll find you right
so you know mix feelings about the shirt
but this is my shirt you know let it be
done almond shirt right fantastic let's
go hurry before they kiding me um quick
okay oh here's another one hail sexy
mother yeah you're right about that hail
Satan that's a good one Hil Satan again
thank you very much Hil Satan Tom thanks
Tom Hil Satan you too hail the great
that's right Matthew always the Greg Hil
Satan are you going too fast Hil Satan
JC keep going love it Fant okay that's
right all right all right he say you
don't have to hail alond you know you
don't have to hail alond that's that's
almond doesn't want that right right
hell satanico I don't even know what
that is but I think it's a I think it's
some kind of thing we got going on in
the air like Crystal like some kind of
Crystal dope or something like you know
I don't know Quantum it's Quantum dope
was that was that uh that was a Teddy
wasn't it yeah hey Teddy by the way
thanks for the music it's absolutely
gorgeous right everybody I want
everybody to know I'm not paying for
that music right I'm not Teddy makes it
he's inspired he makes it and chewy
makes a video right and then I tell her
put these things into their minds and
then she goes forward hit me with the
next one love it chewy give it to me I
told him her secret didn't I oh oh God
what what happened the dude killed him
in the sea right oh wait wait here's the
other so they say that you um which is
oh this is others say that yeah it was
okay to make fun in name of certain
people and that alabi the general put an
end to this keep it going keep it going
I want you to look um but when they were
in Sicily right on the sea Right the
dude just threw him off the boat right
right what did he say to him he said
Baptist you baptize me in the
theater right
I am gonna Destroy You by baptizing you
in these
waves right and supposedly ordered to
throw them off the ship right supposedly
that's just what some people said that's
just what some people said the general
did right you can see the Tyrant doing
that you can totally see it if you allow
the Tyrant to have that power right
because when that comedian was on the
was on the stage when they were
producing for the stage they couldn't be
touched it's when the people refuse to
stand up to protect the comedian what
was that did I give you the did I give
you the origin of you're gonna I love
this you're gonna you're gonna you're
gonna love this keep going keep going oh
people look this is platonus right and
what does he say oh God we know um the
eolus you know when he showed the when
he showed the when he perform had the
Baptist
performed right he was you know he was
Str he was drown in the
sea right right oh
God why did he do that why did the dude
drown him because he had mocked
him he had mocked him in the
work do you see what the weakness of the
Tyrant is the weakness of the Tyrant is
not business or
finances no the weakness of the
Tyrant is their core of
lies that bring them to a state where
they are always subject to the
baptizing what is that baptizing keep
going keep going oh God
alabes what did he
do son of cenus whatever um he look he
was rightfully elected that's what it
says right hos he was rightfully elected
in in general right and what did he do
he he didn't forget right about eolus
right right and when he mocked him in
the work right what did he do um you you
know that he killed him
but the art
itself that of Comedy that eupolis was
part of gave him the
Freedom by law to be
unafraid right to speak is implied to
speak yeah it was the art that was
protecting him when you bring the Tyrant
you
kill the
Muse yeah fantastic fantastic it's
gorgeous I think it's absolutely
prophetically gorgeous right um let's go
on to yep keep going keep going look
people I just want to show you a little
now these are actual fragments from the
play that other people are quoting and I
just wanted you to get a feel for what's
in this play with a chorus of a feminine
young men right who are dressed as women
who
are
pleasuring the queen of
guitars and what's happening um these
people wake up and they haven't had any
breakfast haven't eaten anything it's
getting on noon and but they're still
wearing their Stef on they're still
wearing their
Crown okay you know who these people are
right I'm just describing to you who the
Baptists are right John is never going
to baptize early right oh God it's the
middle of the day he was at all night
with the boys right when I say boys I
mean
boys these are
miners who are involved in sexual rights
with a
woman yeah do you understand and
she what does she
do she plays the
guitar she plays the guitar and we live
on the basis of whatever it is that she
plays do you understand she runs
everything right this is how it works
this is how a bakic mystery Works who is
the
Christ right who is the
Christ they said media christed herself
because there was nobody there before
her doing
this right who is the Christ
oh God I love it I love it it's so
gorgeous isn't it remember it's the
worship of the great mother right so we
got to hurry we're approaching we got to
hustle through some of these people I
want you to see what else are they look
these guys are not you know harsh hard
to look on right and they aren't um
without their youth right they're young
baby I'm sorry it's the way it is ask P
didy I don't know ask Jesus go give me
the next one oh look at the just just
look at the one in the middle just look
at the one in the middle right oh this
dude now in some of the dialogue that we
see actually the one on the top look he
wants
somebody to press forward with a musical
instrument that is going to be in proper
cyclical
uh
anabo
um so God again it the music see I don't
do the music so it cut that's my that's
my stutter
[Music]
an timing oh God no here musicians write
to me we'll discuss this right look at
number 82 quick before it before it the
ugliness um what do you do you jerk this
is what this one says you're always
you're
always acting contrary to the melody
look that one I like pot of mos right
that what I get right you're always off
the melody man what's wrong with you
what's wrong with you do you see why
bringing these up and look at the third
one oh R right that's an actual rbe with
an ELR but um here
it's right okay it's just a little bit
different M SAU and there
Snappy and Dion will get all excited
because some somebody's getting whipped
right or
Romus or rhus what's the rhombus doing
it's whipping me are we at a
concert right are we at a mystery ritual
purification the answer to both of those
is yes it's one yes it's one yes and
they're involving the
rhombus right the bull
roar oh God these people know what
they're doing or what it's absolutely
gorgeous and so I wanted you to see hey
look there are musical terms here that
they're using right for timing and right
that kind of thing okay fantastic this
is where the science is give me the next
one we're there I told you I was taking
you to a party right and look at the
number two look at the number two what
they've got these beds man these
Chambers places that you enter into
intercourse they've got them cram
full they've got them cram full Pollocks
right right oh god look even ammonius
talks about this on the difference
between related words right he's talking
about and then he just has a really
brief quote that you can't get any sort
of read from right except there's a
repositioning right out in front um
could it be referring to the kids could
it be referring to the course I'm I'm
not sure you know you don't want to
guess when you have fragments like this
all you got to do is deal with words
baby that's all you got you just stay
within the words nobody at any
conference anywhere in the world in
classics will look at you funny right if
you just STI you just stick in that zone
you cut that cut that razor then they
can all suck your stop
you're no no I'm sorry it's been a while
since I've been at
conferences slaying the
peoples why else would you learn
classical philology give me the next one
oh God okay I'm gonna read this real
quick to you this is es skines and
please please understand they call your
anus the
batalon right and they yeah and they
made fun of demoses right right and so
they called him the you know it's got
that soft buttocks thing going on right
it um you polus is mocking uh Speech I
think is mocking the way he talks right
anyway um this all probably comes from
the way you excuse me this all comes
from the way you polus is making a SCA
is making a joke right about the balos
right and oh that's what it says and he
used it he made this name in the bapti
right in that play right and it was a
really shameful thing right um calling
it right the Baptists are walking around
he says using it as their own term right
your balos is your proon right give me
that that's your anus so I want you why
is he talking about baptist and
anus because Baptists are known to be
kitis what is a
kitis kitis is somebody who dances the
wiggly buddy right the wiggly what your
bottom is wiggly right for the dance of
the kitis do you understand if you
don't that's okay watch your watch your
cartoons in the morning it'll be fine
okay give me that what is this you Paul
is doing here oh God it's those fraking
Corinthians you know what they did they
portrayed
Koto coito is
foron right no I'm sorry I I got it
backwards I got it backwards they're
worshiping her there and eupolis is the
one it's his EOS it's his hatred for
those Corinthians right that causes him
to call her the
foron and who is the for con she is the
dirty one she's the dirty one do you
understand the dirty guitar Queen if you
do you're going to begin to see right
surrounded surrounded by those Baptists
and what are those Baptist boys dressed
up as girls doing they
are satisfying
her oh okay give me the next one we're
almost done let's go I'm going to ram
this one down go wherever it was give it
to me people what do these what do these
people shout they shout
aabi does that sound familiar does that
sound familiar yeah right first of all
this somehow musical I'm not quite sure
what you do with this um we have to look
back at that parchment right I mean that
Papyrus fragment see what was I don't
know this music is not my thing so I'm
GNA leave this
a give me the next one we know what it
means right it's a Bic shout and finally
I know all this time I've been talking
about an anus and I know I know you're
wondering why because it's in the text
right look at this look at this this is
from Aristophanes plutus or wealth right
line 883 references a dulon and here it
is a dulon farak
phiten what is a
dulon a dulon is the
ring is the ring it is the
sphin it is the
sphincter it is the sphincter and what
is the sphincter or the
anus it is
medicated it is
Medicated by the serpent
and the reason that you can survive is
because you're
medicated are you ready is it are you
surprised the cult Christian stuff was
like this the mon stuff is like this I'm
telling you it's a Corruption of the
original christing is what it is and you
can turn it into something whoa It's
like way dark like holy ma these people
really right if you look back it when
the mystery is developed you get a
completely different impression it's
it's hygiene it's hygiene medicine and
religion in one area plus don't be an
idiot right right don't be an idiot
learn how to sing come on man what are
we doing here here's by the way that was
a nice get through there that's got a
gigantic sounding box on it doesn't it
that's fantastic now and by the way
there's for for those of you nerds out
there who do musical instruments I
understand that a Lura and a
foring and a Kea I understand that those
are all kind of types of guitars right
and there's an evolution there right and
there's something to do with size we
know keither is that giant one right um
okay that's what the kods are performing
with right they're performing with it
and did I tell you there's damma in that
KRA yeah it's from the comedy do you
remember the comedy it's the
Kos it's the song of the Kos the song of
that
Gathering okay of that
concert it's that song you mean comedy
is from a rock star yep look at this guy
bring that guy up what do you
think
Chewy give us a one out of 10 in there
for this guy look at this seder dude I
wouldn't mess with this guy if this
guy's playing in the band you know what
I mean people think they're scar to day
look this guy shows up kiss
right immediately crying you'll see
their makeup run they'll be crying look
at him dude this guy is serious and most
of these guys um are
fully you
know they're at full staff I think you
could call it right because they're on
these drugs these saders are on saon or
excuse me
saion right saon if you don't believe me
go check out the
sacon and it causes them to be
aroused right it causes them to be
aroused so imagine playing your concert
nude and
aroused nude and aroused do you
understand what kokito
Co excuse me coito do you understand
what what she is
doing in her
kopian
concert do you understand what are all
those Athenian Kings what are they why
are they all half
serpent yeah have you ever seen a
concert have you ever seen a
concert yeah they was able to convey
that kind of energy that's a that's an
Awakening right that's that causes
people to sit up and to say
democracy yeah yeah what it doesn't do
is promote
monism as a matter of fact it is a
poison to monism if you have one God
this guitar Queen is your
enemy this is Lady Babylon this is she
who's pora is your end right don't you
read your own holy books you mon you
monest don't read your own holy books
that's why I have to read them and I
have to spank the idiots who get in the
way I have to spank them here's one for
all of you you know what tonight this is
for the head of Dallas Theological
seminaries Greek program yeah I just
want you to know um you got no answers
um I kicked down the door I took your
text and I broke bunch of your statues
and stuff you know what I mean you got
nothing man it belongs to the
museum oh that one hit my
ear
Still Still They are silent right they
cower the giant is out Roar right do you
like that I know you do baby give me the
next one yeah give it give it to me
hurry I know we I know we're right at 8
o00 look PE people now here's what I'm
going to show you and I'm going to tie
this into the Bible just give me a
couple minutes I'm going to tie this
into the Bible but these are a typical
set of notes that you'll see blow it up
JY a typical set of notes that you'll
see about this
pharmaceutic thing that we're talking
about what what's it and look look look
um the scist explains this to me
all they're trying to explain what this
thing is the general meaning must be
your ring can't guard you against the
bite of the Informer right because
within context of the lines they're
talking about this ring being a cure to
snake
venom who is
albies I want you to think of one thing
I want you to think of some greedy
ass with a lot of power who ultimately
became a traitor and went over to the
Russians I mean the
Spartans and then when they couldn't
stand him he tried to come back and when
they couldn't stand him and kicked him
out again he went to the
Persians yeah yeah do you understand who
I'm talking about this is the right that
we're looking at this is the right that
we're looking at and it's playing out um
but how has this arrived at the
scholiast explanation is that pharmacon
is understood there is no curing it
right against that
Venom now why would they be pairing the
anus the medicated
ring why would they be pairing that with
these
Baptists do you know how you can enter
the
mystery if you are one of these boys
yeah who dressed as a
girl will bring to climax an
exhaustion
she who
pora is their
communion do you understand this is the
foundation of
Christianity this is the foundation of
your
Mysteries you're looking at it right in
the
face and when Paul Paul comes along and
does the same thing Jesus does with the
kids don't be surprised
when out in
India
Thomas is wigging people out in sex
rights don't be surprised don't be
surprised fantastic give me the you know
what let's f look give me those notes
one more time there's a couple goofy
things in there these people said
look here um yes somebody what is that
that's a terrible Lon um explains it
thus there is not in the list of the
virtues of this ring the
words and dma vendors of amulets so
they're talking about um the strikes
right this the dma of
the snake is what kills you right and
they're talking about amulets being made
for the sake of of throwing off any sort
of you know if I'm afraid
of scorpion stings maybe I wear an
amulet to keep away the scorpion sting
you know what I
mean right so they're talking about that
right and then another scul ass said
these these bites or these things
[Applause]
or um
have yeah yeah that's a kind of a
reconstruction look what they're doing
there they're trying to reconstruct the
dialogue that isn't actually there I say
poo poo to you to that scol ass look
people what do we see here we see the
origin of of um people with ideas and
Publishing of books right um Doo's
explanation is okay let's give him a
shot it is impossible UK NSD to buy an
ambulate against the bite of an inform
yeah again you're just making stuff up
bro R who who is that du
J your wife loves me way more than you
right satisfaction brother it seems most
satisfactory to understand
pharmacon yeah and okay I like that
observation right because they're
talking about drugs the creeps give me
the next one give me the next one what
is the line that they're talking about
right here's the actual line what does
it say look I'm carrying this thing that
I bought and I bought it for a
dracma right and it is this
ring right I bought it from this guy
udus right right and the next guy says
for right um you can't have any sort of
cure implied for the bite of a sick aant
right right um there's a joke there
going on and it has to do with your
knowledge of the fact that you have
curatives you have drugs that are there
specifically to treat as antidotes um
Venoms that you were going to encounter
in the world right and they're playing
off this concept and that's why
those those Scholars those scholiasts
who are commenting on these passages
that's why they're talking about there's
a pharmacon in there right and where is
he taking this from he's borrowing this
who is this it's Aristophanes by the way
right and who who's he borrowing it from
one of his contemporaries named
eupolis is the one who's using this
image right isn't it nice um it is that
ring it is that ring um whereupon you
place the antidote to that Serpent's
bite the Baptists know what I'm talking
about the Baptists know what I'm talking
about you see why they always you see
why the Christians always get kicked out
hurry we only have a couple left and I'm
over time I'm over time give it to me
give it to me hurry up here's your
commodos look at that what is it what is
comedy it's K wos what does that mean
it's that song of the Kos what is that
give me the next one what is that one
what's the comos it's the Revel it's the
carousal it's the
merrymaking do you understand your
concert is coming from
Antiquity right it is a band of revelers
look what they put on number two after
band of ravelers they say right
Theos that band of the uan God who is
the uan god the one who cries a why who
are we talking about we're talking about
her we're talking about her she's the
one crying that do you know why Eve is
Eve right do you understand now because
she was the one who brings the
purification do you understand and the
guy who's writing the Old Testament
who's writing the Tor doesn't exist in
Hebrew he's writing it in Greek that
dude is taking this image right out of
contemporary mystery right out it's
gorgeousness and gorgios and the others
the others have to be shown over and
over again before they'll admit right
that there's something there that's all
they just have to be shown and the
cowards have to be called out all you
socalled Scholars you suck bro look
people sat ten a congregation I'm
telling you these people don't read
these texts they don't they don't read
them they don't you hear somebody
quoting [ __ ] in English you realize
they're quoting a
translation they are sucking off the
backside of some
scholar yeah guess what you know it's
way better the nectar the nectar that
comes right out of that ring yeah yeah
it is why do you think the cup is
ganade did you ever wondered that Athena
doesn't work outside of her father do
you understand that's better fantastic
let's go we're almost done we're almost
done hurry people are like hurry up
almond hurry up what is that Baptist is
something dipped or dyed right right
something bright colored we see the dyes
with the chroma the colors there right
keep going we're going to roll through
these bobos what is bobos something Ed
for dying right you can talk about those
colors that are used in dying chomata no
problem
go on that's a scoli asson lerron by the
way that's some complicated stuff right
really quick I just want you I just
wanted you to
see what is the link bringing Paul what
is the link I've been talking about
dirty Baptist I've been talking about a
guitar Queen all right and now I'm G to
bring in
Paul why because he is talking about the
very same
mystery right
we we were buried together with
him right through the baptism into death
do you know what kind of baptism you
have you have when you have a little
baby and some priest with a giant hat
comes in and and sprinkles some water on
them that's not this do they call it
here's your baptism of death kid no they
don't I'm talking about the baptism of
death right now look what
happens what are we baptizing into death
in order that right right even as Christ
even as the Christ was raised from the
dead right for the glory of the father
right through that capacity right in
this way we can have new
life right all we got to do
is encounter the baptism into death and
I know for a fact all the evangelicals
you don't have this you don't know what
the hell this is right Catholics you
don't have it you also don't know what
the hell this is yeah it's part of a
mystery when Jesus said I'm G to give
you drugs that'll kill you and they
won't kill you he was talking about the
performance of the mystery and you have
never been involved you don't have ionic
life I'm sorry but I'm here to tell you
right now you don't have ionic
life fantastic you can be worried you
can go back to worrying about dying yeah
fantastic I love passing on the good
news give it to me um what's the next
one oh and there's only a couple more of
these what Paul give me one more thing
what else whoever right whoever this is
okay so don't be ignorant right that um
this baptism into the Christ right
right um we are going through this
process right right
aapti men right whoever is going through
this right us people what do we do we
are baptized into
death now it says into the death Al to
and this is typically translated into
his death but I want you to not notice
that Yun is in
Brackets right so um it's
untrustworthy the only thing that we can
be sure about is the fact that there is
a christing here right there is a
christing which is a baptism into death
and the ow to there could be of it of
the christing agent that is this should
read right those of us who were
baptized by this christing agent are
baptized into its death inducing power
that's exactly what it should say oh God
Paul you know what you're were talking
about you little freak you little freak
right right and you say well I haven't
I'm a Christian I haven't been baptized
into death well sorry sorry it's too bad
it's over baby you're done the cup is
empty
give it to me give it to me right so
look people I'm going to explain Paul by
the way this is the
Romans uh chapter eight J I think it was
chapter eight beginning of Chapter eight
maybe six one of those anyway um let's
just read what it says right what is for
if these suum futoi is these people who
were grown
together right
into this
Unity of death the death from the
Christ right they you enter into this
thing but what what else is going to
happen um we're going to come to this
you know
Resurrection this
anastasis this
rebirth this new life right yeah yeah
why because we're joined together in
this
homo right that's like a that's one of
their physics words right it's a
similarity or a likeness it's a state of
being the same as something that you
were not the same of right or the same
as I should say right oh God so we are
made to grow
into right the s
poity of this Christ
death right while we're walking around
in a state of Resurrection do you see
what the right is all about you haven't
partaken of this I'm telling you you
don't it's going to surprise and shock
people right when they find out they're
not actually doing Christianity give me
the next one right um what happens to us
when we go through this death right the
one who has gone through the death is
judged right is purified in judgment
from
Hamas from their wrongdoing remember
from their sin people love to translate
sin I hate that it's it's such a crappy
translation um from this wrong this
failure of them to live up to what
nature gave them that's really what
hamara is um this failure to live up to
it can be all cleansed away through this
death process
remember the death process
involves our that is the
apostles physical abuse of your
body okay the process is going to wipe
away your
sin you like that you like that give it
to me Paul one last one I think you're
an idiot I think you're an idiot for
doing this kind of stuff Paul to be
honest right if we've died with Christ
now again it's not Christ Jesus here if
we've died with the christing
agent right we
believe yeah that we'll live again with
it yeah that we'll live again with it
right what is happening to you
Christians you can take this you can
take it down that's the final one what
is happening to you
Christians you Christians who are
actually doing what Christians did are
going through a right that is going to
purify you and open your eyes your new
life will be a new life you will live as
somebody who sees the invisible does
that feel like you no just have my faith
oh I go to church
and I feel so
good you know that's BS you know your
joy is empty and it's fake all those
Smiles on those Fool's faces it's fake
fake fake and you're full of lies you
love lies and you love people who spout
them you are a lie
[Music]
there is a
queen there's a
[Music]
queen
emerging from these ancient
writings and she is the queen of the
music she's the one when the Oracle is
flipped into third time when it flips FS
from Apollo to bacus she's the one who
leads who brings that black hole who
opens that portal that we saw in the
very beginning she's the
one who
brings
Christ thank you for
coming hell
Satan the Venus C for Jesus if you
riding with me pot Piper sthy pee the
devil who stole the babies shining
lights eyes to see the suud Masquerade
of the Devil Woman Dragon Queen
Diana
Athena Sunny dis position walking on the
wise side sail away to the land farar
Where the Wild Things Are dipping Dragon
Venoms free digital scale for your dope
dealing
pill crushing bad [ __ ] addiction fused
to Black mirrors the living death for
what is real
Oria
sco
Med the Sorceress culture the crow
slaves to the dop tail Satan J full of
gypsy tears call me the bo
can do it like I can't call me the boie